src/content/docs/getting-started/creating databases.mdx, before:

---
title: Creating Databases
description: Learn how to create a database for your game server.
tableOfContents: true
sidebar:
  label: Creating Databases
---
import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

This article will guide you through the process of creating a MySQL database for your game server, which is used by some plugins to store data.

![Game Host Bros Subusers](../../../assets/guide-images/databases.png)
<Steps>
1. Load the [Game Host Bros Panel](https://panel.gamehostbros.com/) and select your server.
2. In the left-hand menu, click `Management > Databases`.
3. Click the `Create` button.
4. Select a `Host` that is closest to your server and give the database a name.
</Steps>
Now you can locate the plugin you'd like to use the MySQL database for. Open the plugin's configuration file and input the database details correctly. You will need to refer to the documentation of the plugin for the specific location.

:::note
- Resetting your database will remove all the information in that database.
- Backups do not include databases.
- The MySQL port is always, 3306.
:::

Commit message:

Update subuers, backups and database guides

src/content/docs/getting-started/creating databases.mdx, after:

---
title: Creating Databases
description: Discover how to create and manage MySQL databases for your game server in just a few easy steps using the Game Host Bros panel. Perfect for plugin data storage.
tableOfContents: true
sidebar:
  label: Creating Databases
---
import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

Setting up a MySQL database is a crucial step for running many game server plugins that require data storage. In this guide, you'll learn how to effortlessly create and manage databases through the Game Host Bros panel.

## Creating A Database
![Game Host Bros Database](../../../assets/guide-images/databases.png)
<Steps>
1. Load the [Game Host Bros Panel](https://panel.gamehostbros.com/) and select your server.
2. In the left-hand menu, click `Management > Databases`.
3. Click the `Create` button.
4. Fill out the following details:
   - **Host:** Select a host that is closes to your game server.
   - **Name:** The name for the database itself.
   - **Connections From:** Leave this as `%` unless you want to whitelist your server IP address.
</Steps>
Now you can locate the plugin you'd like to use the MySQL database for. Open the plugin's configuration file and input the database details correctly. You will need to refer to the documentation of the plugin for the specific location.

:::note
- Deleting your database will remove all the information in that database instantly.
- Backups do not include databases, and we cannot restore a deleted database.
- The MySQL port is always, 3306.
:::

## Reset A Database Password
Sometimes you may need to reset a database password for whatever reason. This is how you can do it.
<Steps>
1. Load the [Game Host Bros Panel](https://panel.gamehostbros.com/) and select your server.
2. In the left-hand menu, click `Management > Databases`.
3. Click the `Reset Password` button.
</Steps>
Make sure you update any plugin configuration that uses that password.

## Using the JDBC Connection String
Some Java plugins require a JDBC connection string to connect to your MySQL database. We provide you with a string to use that contains all the necessary details required to establish a connection between your application and the database.
<Steps>
1. Load the [Game Host Bros Panel](https://panel.gamehostbros.com/) and select your server.
2. In the left-hand menu, click `Management > Databases`.
3. Find the database you created, and you’ll see the **JDBC Connection String**.
</Steps>
