src/content/docs/troubleshooting/high ping packet loss.mdx, before:

---
title: High Ping & Packet Loss
description: High ping and packet loss affecting your game? Learn how to diagnose and resolve these issues with our comprehensive guide. 
tableOfContents: true
sidebar:
  label: High Ping & Packet Loss
---
Experiencing high ping and packet loss can be frustrating, but understanding the causes and solutions can help you get back to a smooth gaming experience. This guide will provide you with the necessary information to troubleshoot and resolve these issues effectively.

## Understanding Ping

Normal ping for a smooth gaming experience should be below 100 ms. If your ping is below 70 ms, you're in a great range, and anything below 50 ms is considered excellent. However, achieving these levels depends on various factors including server location relative to you and network routing. To minimize ping, make sure your server is located as close to your players as possible. It's important to note that your internet speed does not affect your ping.

:::tip
If you need your server moved to a different location, our staff can assist you with that. We can also suggest ideal locations for all your playerbase.
:::

## Understanding Packet Loss

Having Packet Loss means that network packets sent from your computer are not reaching your game server. This is what people commonly refer to as rubber banding. The most common reasons for this are usually congestion with your ISP or routing. Routing can be complex, but rest assured, we work with the best network providers in the industry to ensure optimal performance. Despite this, the internet is a vast and complicated network, and we cannot directly lower your ping.

In some cases it can also be related to the configuration or rates of your server if you have modified them. Our staff can assist you with getting everything configured correctly.

## Troubleshooting High Ping and Packet Loss

If only a **few players on the server** are experiencing high ping or packet loss, it is most likely **due to routing issues, distance, or their internet service provider (ISP)**. A possible quick fix for this is to try a VPN or a free tool like [Cloudflare Warp](https://one.one.one.one/). This will be the fastest thing they can try to get back into the action asap.

Alternatively, affected players can help us diagnose the issue by submitting an MTR report. To do this:

1. Download WinMTR from [here](https://winmtr.net/).
2. Enter the server IP and click Start.
3. Run the test for a few minutes, then click Stop and save the report.
4. Send the report in a [support ticket](http://portal.gamehostbros.com/) to our staff.

We can then send this data to our network provider, but please be aware, we cannot promise a resolution will come from this.

**If everyone on the server experiences occasional high ping spikes**, this could be due to an attack being mitigated. Such **brief blips are normal and usually temporary**. However, if high ping is consistently affecting all players on the server, please contact our support team immediately. You can reach us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/FN4XgbAwzr) or submit a [support ticket](http://portal.gamehostbros.com/).

Commit message:

Update basic guides with Steps

src/content/docs/troubleshooting/high ping packet loss.mdx, after:

---
title: High Ping & Packet Loss
description: High ping and packet loss affecting your game? Learn how to diagnose and resolve these issues with our comprehensive guide. 
tableOfContents: true
sidebar:
  label: High Ping & Packet Loss
---
import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

Experiencing high ping and packet loss can be frustrating, but understanding the causes and solutions can help you get back to a smooth gaming experience. This guide will provide you with the necessary information to troubleshoot and resolve these issues effectively.

## Understanding Ping

Normal ping for a smooth gaming experience should be below 100 ms. If your ping is below 70 ms, you're in a great range, and anything below 50 ms is considered excellent. However, achieving these levels depends on various factors including server location relative to you and network routing. To minimize ping, make sure your server is located as close to your players as possible. It's important to note that your internet speed does not affect your ping.

:::tip
If you need your server moved to a different location, our staff can assist you with that. We can also suggest ideal locations for all your player base.
:::

## Understanding Packet Loss

Having Packet Loss means that network packets sent from your computer are not reaching your game server. This is what people commonly refer to as rubber banding. The most common reasons for this are usually congestion with your ISP or routing. Routing can be complex, but rest assured, we work with the best network providers in the industry to ensure optimal performance. Despite this, the internet is a vast and complicated network, and we cannot directly lower your ping.

In some cases it can also be related to the configuration or rates of your server if you have modified them. Our staff can assist you with getting everything configured correctly.

## Troubleshooting High Ping and Packet Loss

If only a **few players on the server** are experiencing high ping or packet loss, it is most likely **due to routing issues, distance, or their internet service provider (ISP)**. A possible quick fix for this is to try a VPN or a free tool like [Cloudflare Warp](https://one.one.one.one/). This will be the fastest thing they can try to get back into the action asap.

Alternatively, affected players can help us diagnose the issue by submitting an MTR report. To do this:
<Steps>
1. Download WinMTR from [here](https://sourceforge.net/projects/winmtr/).
2. Enter the server IP and click Start.
3. Run the test for a few minutes, then click Stop and save the report.
4. Send the `.TXT` report in a [support ticket](http://portal.gamehostbros.com/) to our staff.
</Steps>
We can then send this data to our network provider, but please be aware, **we cannot promise a resolution will come from this, only that they will look into it**.

**If everyone on the server experiences occasional high ping spikes**, this could be due to another server installing, backups being performed or an attack being mitigated. Such **brief blips are normal and usually temporary**. However, if high ping or packet loss is consistently affecting all players on the server for an extended period, please contact our support team to see what we can do for you. 

You can reach us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/FN4XgbAwzr) or submit a [support ticket](http://portal.gamehostbros.com/).
