src/content/docs/games/7 Days To Die/install mods.mdx, before:

---
title: How To Install Mods On Your 7D2D Server
description: Learn how to install mods on your 7D2D Server.
sidebar:
  label: Install Mods
---

Here is how you can find mods for your 7D2D Server. You may also refer to this guide on how to [upload files to your game server.](/getting-started/uploading-files/)

## Downloading Mods

Mods can be found from sites like [Nexus Mods](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/) once downloaded extract the mod file.

:::tip
Make sure the mod you're installing is compatiable with your [7D2D server version](/games/7-days-to-die/change-version/). 
:::

## Installing Mods

1. Access the [Game Host Bros Panel](https://panel.gamehostbros.com/).
2. Click on your 7D2D server.
3. Go to `Management > File Manager`.
4. Create a folder named `Mods`
5. Using [SFTP](/getting-started/uploading-files/), upload the extracted Mod folder into `/Mods/[ModName]`
6. Restart Your Server.

You can type `version` into the server console to see if the mod is running.

## Installing Mods Locally

1. Navigate to your game files
2. Create a folder named `Mods`
3. Extract your downloaded Mod Folder into `/Mods/[ModName]`

And there you have it, that's how you install mods in 7D2D

Commit message:

Update install mods.mdx
added local location

src/content/docs/games/7 Days To Die/install mods.mdx, after:

---
title: How To Install Mods On Your 7D2D Server
description: Learn how to install mods on your 7D2D Server.
sidebar:
  label: Install Mods
---

Here is how you can find mods for your 7D2D Server. You may also refer to this guide on how to [upload files to your game server.](/getting-started/uploading-files/)

## Downloading Mods

Mods can be found from sites like [Nexus Mods](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/) once downloaded extract the mod file.

:::tip
Make sure the mod you're installing is compatiable with your [7D2D server version](/games/7-days-to-die/change-version/). 
:::

## Installing Mods

1. Access the [Game Host Bros Panel](https://panel.gamehostbros.com/).
2. Click on your 7D2D server.
3. Go to `Management > File Manager`.
4. Create a folder named `Mods`
5. Using [SFTP](/getting-started/uploading-files/), upload the extracted Mod folder into `/Mods/[ModName]`
6. Restart Your Server.

You can type `version` into the server console to see if the mod is running.

## Installing Mods Locally

1. Navigate to your game files by going to `Steam > Library > 7D2D > Manage > Browse Local Files`
2. Create a folder named `Mods` 
3. Extract your downloaded Mod Folder into `/Mods/[ModName]`

And there you have it, that's how you install mods in 7D2D
